Hi, I'm A Poorna Seshaseyan.
I'm an AI and Full Stack Developer passionate about building intelligent systems...
...that solve real-world problems.
I've built an AI-powered hospital system that enables voice registration...
...and symptom analysis, making healthcare more accessible.
I've also developed ML platforms for plant disease detection...
...helping farmers identify crop issues early to protect their yield.
And I'm working on AI-driven crowd management systems...
...designed to improve safety during large public gatherings.
My strengths lie in Machine Learning, Cloud Computing...
...and building scalable applications that create a real impact.
But what truly drives me is this vision:
Technology should not just be smart,
it should be meaningful and improve lives.
I'm pushing boundaries to create solutions that matter.
Let's build the future with intelligence.
This is just the beginning.